[Emma]  A few months ago,
I discovered I had
a twin sister
and then she asked me
to take her place.
Keep the secret,
find our real mother
and try to stay alive.
Put yourself in my shoes.
How long could you keep up
the lying game?
[Alec] What is it?
It's just if that picture
gets into the wrong hands,
this is how it's gonna end?
-I might have a solution.
-Okay.
We have something
to share with you.
We're getting married.
[Thayer] It looks
like my dad's guilt
comes down
to whether Rebecca was
telling the truth
about where he was the night
of Derek's murder.
We start doing some digging
on Rebecca.
The love of her life
was always in Phoenix.
But, you know,
she always had
a photograph of his
in a locket around her neck.
Oh, my God.
Did you sleep with Rebecca?
[laughs] No.
Why are you
bringing this up again?
Because every time I do,
you shut me down.
-I'm sorry. I can't.
-Why?
I kissed Sutton.
But it's over now.
There's always gonna be a part
of you that wishes
that you could be with her.
♪ You with your voice
like nails ♪
♪ On a chalkboard
Calling me out ♪
♪ When I'm wounded ♪
♪ You
Pickin' on the weaker man ♪
♪ You can take me down ♪
♪ With just one single blow ♪
♪ But you don't know
what you don't know ♪
♪ Someday I'll be ♪
♪ Living in a big old city ♪
♪ And all you're ♪
♪ Ever gonna be is mean ♪
♪ Someday I'll be ♪
♪ Big enough
so you can't hit me ♪
♪ And all you're... ♪
What are you doing here?
You're not answering
any of my calls.
What do you want me to do?
I don't know. I...
Just... Move on.
No. I'm not letting you go.
Is that why you waited
until we were half-naked
in a motel room to tell me
that you were still
into Sutton?
I'm not.
And that's not what I said.
No. You said,
"It's complicated."
I'm sorry.
I promise this will
never happen again.
How do you know that?
I just do. All right?
Tell me how
I can prove it to you.
Ethan, that...
That night at the motel,
that was gonna
be my first time.
I know.
That's why I said something.
I wanna be honest with you.
The problem is,
the truth really hurts.
[sniffles]
[engine starts]
♪ Uh ♪
♪ Uh, uh-uh ♪
♪ Uh, uh-uh, uh ♪
♪ Watch out for this girl ♪
♪ She's got a gun
for a tongue ♪
-Hey.
-Honey, what happened?
You left so early.
Sorry, I just needed
to clear my head.
Of what? What's going on?
-Nothing.
-It's probably my fault.
The trip to Coachella
was a bust.
-Ethan and I broke up.
-What?
When? How...
How is that even possible?
You were away.
He came with us.
[Ted] On an overnight trip
when you were supposed
to be chaperoning your
younger sister?
I know. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have...
I shouldn't have
asked him to come.
And I shouldn't...
[sighs] I'm sorry.
Honey, wait.
[sobs]
Come here, sweetie.
Oh, sweetie.
I'm so sorry.
No.
I'm sorry.
You have so much
on your plate.
I was wrong about that.
I just...
I dragged you into that.
I shouldn't have done that.
Listen to me. I was wrong.
Your father and Rebecca,
there was no affair.
Nothing...
-Nothing happened.
-Oh, thank God.
It doesn't matter.
You are what's important.
How could Ethan do this?
You stood by him
when he was in jail.
You never doubted him.
Ethan has feelings
for someone else.
So, I'm thinking the archway
will be here.
-Massive flowers.
-"Massive"?
-You mean, like, big?
-Peonies.
-Are they even in season?
-I don't know.
We'd put dogwood
on each side...
And you're putting this
together in a day?
Well, it's the day
after tomorrow,
so technically that's
two days, but still.
[Rebecca] Okay, fine, daisies.
Roses, whatever,
but I will need a dress.
Maybe not a Vera Wang,
since it's not my
first trip down the aisle.
And I'll need a maid of honor.
-Mads?
-Oh, my God, really?
Oh, that's so sweet.
Well, that means
I need a new dress, too, Dad.
Whatever my girls want,
they get.
I'll need a best man.
What do you think, Thayer?
Uh, honestly?
I... I think it's
a little sudden.
But, you know,
not that I'm not thrilled.
It's just, you know,
what's the rush?
"What's the rush?" Love.
Makes you do
crazy things.
Like, not wait around
for the rest of your life
to start. Huh?
Yes.
[chuckling]
My mom must be
devastated, right?
Just leave.
I saw you guys
hugging and crying.
Hmm.
Must be about
Rebecca and my dad.
-And the affair?
-No, it didn't happen.
Kristin talked to Ted.
He said there was no affair.
Well, either Rebecca
is a crazy stalker
or my dad is lying.
It's Rebecca's.
I snuck into her house
last night and stole it.
-Sutton...
-Just open it.
Why does Rebecca
have a picture of Ted?
I told you when I met you,
I thought my dad was lying
about something.
This is just the beginning,
I can feel it.
I think you should
show that to Kristin.
Me?
Well, don't you think
she deserves to know?
And besides, I think that
maybe she could help us
figure everything out.
Come on, you guys
have gotten close.
I'm sure you'll find
the right thing to say.
I really don't think
there is a right
way to say this.
Wait, so if Kristin
wasn't the one crying,
then... What?
Ethan and I broke up.
What? Why?
[scoffs] Oh, like you
really don't know why.
He told me what happened
at the ranch.
How you guys...
Hmm.
Oh, my God,
what is happening to me?
I actually feel bad for you.
I'm sure it'll pass.
Just enough time for you
to go over to the trailer
and throw yourself at him,
again.
So what if I do?
You guys are broken up, right?
[mutters] Sutton,
leave me alone.
[Thayer] "Maid of honor"?
What are you doing?
Last night we were about to
accuse our father...
Of murder. I know.
Thank God it never
got that far.
I can't believe I ever
listened to you guys.
-I never believed it.
-Mads.
We talked to Jesse,
that frat guy.
Thayer, you saw Dad.
He's in love,
all kisses and smiles.
If he's acting like that after
he murdered someone,
he's not just a criminal,
he's a psychopath.
Hey, I'm just looking
at the facts.
And so am I, and the fact is
I've never seen Dad
this happy,
not even with Mom.
Well, then you're forgetting,
Mom was the love of his life.
And how miserable
has he been since she left?
And what did he do?
He took it out on us,
but not lately.
Okay, that still doesn't
explain the eyewitness.
-Why can't you see that?
-Because he's our father!
And you have no proof!
You have nothing!
You and Dad had been
screwed up for a long time now
and this is your big chance
to screw him right back.
No, Mads, no.
[stammers] It's Rebecca,
it's the wedding,
it's too fast.
I know it's fast,
but I don't care!
Dad's happy.
For once,
can't you just let him be?
[Sutton] It's so hot.
-Sutton...
-What?
I'm just stating the obvious.
And you, my friend,
are a giant
neon sign of sexy
right now.
-What are you doing here?
-I just talked to Emma.
Poor girl.
She is really suffering.
But you know what,
I am so glad that you finally
were honest with her.
This is none
of your business.
Isn't it, though?
I mean, everything
that happened with us
at the ranch.
I know we didn't actually
sleep together, but...
I mean, you can't deny
that our connection was real.
Whatever connection we had,
it disappeared the second
you got home and turned back
into the lying bitch
you've always been.
Ouch.
That connection?
Those feelings?
They're gone.
And they're never coming back.
So you say.
You seem pretty
pissed off for
a guy who doesn't
give a damn, though.
Now, I am a patient girl
and I say that you and me...
We are a big, fat yes.
Just a question of when.
Well, Judge, I do believe
you're correct.
I have my eyes a little
further down the field.
"Governor Rybak"
has a certain ring to it,
doesn't it?
Not bad.
And a beautiful new wife
never hurt a campaign.
-No, sir.
-Aw. [chuckles]
-I'll see you
in a couple of days.
-All right.
My sticks are
always ready, anytime.
-I'm feeling a little nervous.
-Really?
-Yeah.
-Why, you got cold feet
all of a sudden?
No.
-Hardly. Are you?
-No. Not at all.
I'm good. I just wish
my kids were.
Oh, well, I thought
Mads seemed...
No, no, Mads is fine.
It's Thayer giving me
all these speeches
about how we should slow down
and not take things so fast,
you know?
-Hey.
-What?
It's gonna be okay.
-Yeah?
-Mmm-hmm.
You're safe as long as
the two of us are together.
I like the sound of that.
Alec. Rebecca.
Hi. How are you?
Kristin, hi.
Um, actually,
I'm so glad you're here.
You were on my call list.
But now that
you're here in person,
I can just tell you.
Tell me what?
We're getting married.
Day after tomorrow,
and we would love
for you and Ted to attend.
"Married"?
Wow! I...
I don't know what to say.
-Say you'll be there
to support us, to be there.
-Yeah.
Yes, of course.
Great.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Oh.
Um, one second.
Would you excuse me?
-You're always ringing.
-Yeah.
Hello?
Alec's a dear friend, and I...
I'm actually thrilled
he's found someone
to spend the rest
of his life with.
Thank you so much.
It means a lot.
Rebecca, I know
I've been distant
and acting
a little weird lately. I, I...
I want you to know
Ted and I talked
and everything is fine,
so I'm...
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm just,
I'm not making sense.
No, no.
I'm just glad
he finally told you.
Finally told me what?
Oh.
I'm so sorry.
I misunderstood, and, um...
Kristin, I really hope
you can make the wedding.
I'm sorry.
Hey. Everything okay?
Yeah. Ethan,
this isn't about you, okay?
-Well, what...
-Mom.
Hey, Emma, wait, please.
Don't walk away from me again.
I just...
I can't do this right now.
-Mom?
-Sweetie, I'm just leaving.
Please, I need to talk to you.
It's important.
Okay.
[Emma] Please just open it.
It's Rebecca's.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
Um, it's an older picture,
though, right?
So, I don't know
what Dad told you.
I...
I shouldn't have
showed it to you.
No, you did the right thing.
I'm so sorry
you're in the middle of this.
No, it's fine.
-Mom?
-I'm sorry, I have to go.
Look, when you were
at the ranch, Dan was
helping us out.
He was on our side,
but don't forget
he has all that history
with my dad.
Well, we have to do something.
I mean, my dad and Rebecca?
Rebecca's hands are dirty.
Alec's hands are dirty.
If the two of them get married
it's like, the bad guys win.
-What are you guys doing?
-We're actually here for them.
Hey. We have to talk to you.
My dad's getting married
in two days
to his only alibi
the night of Derek's murder.
Rebecca?
-Yeah.
-Wow, she works fast.
Well, as much as I'd like
to believe in true love,
something about this
doesn't sound right.
Spousal privilege.
If Alec and Rebecca
are married,
she can't be asked
to testify against him.
I know she's lying
about that night.
Yeah, but it's not just that.
My dad and Rebecca
had an affair.
It was a long time ago,
but I don't trust the woman.
She has secrets.
Why else would this marriage
have to be happening so fast?
It's not just because
of Derek's murder.
[Dan] Listen, you guys got
to knock it off, all right?
You're kids. You're in
way over your head
with this thing.
I'm not a kid. Not anymore.
It doesn't matter.
Just leave this case
for the police.
Trust me, we're working on it.
That's all you need to know.
[Laurel] It's pretty cool,
especially since
she offered to pay us.
I mean, I guess
we don't really have a lot
of  Ode to Joy
in our repertoire, but...
-What's the gig?
-The wedding, duh.
Right, yeah, I heard.
-Maybe Rebecca's pregnant.
-Hey, Laurel.
What? I mean, two days?
You know, the engagement
dinner's tomorrow night.
This is definitely a rush job.
Which means I should probably
get to work.
Let me know
when dinner's ready.
Yeah.
Crazy, right?
But it's great.
I mean, now you can stop
worrying about Rebecca
and all your ideas.
She's marrying
our best friend.
Wedding sounds fun.
It's gonna be a great night
for all of us.
Here you go.
What's going on?
I never should have showed
Kristin the locket.
I just thought
that if it were me...
You know,
the Ethan and Sutton thing...
I just feel like it's all
gonna blow up.
You're right.
It's all hitting at once.
I'm glad you're here.
It's okay.
I'm sorry, I know
that you have this stuff
to deal with...
It's okay.
It's fine, it's fine.
[sniffles]
What?
It's...
You've just been the...
The one bright spot
in all of this.
Sutton, is this really
necessary?
Yes, of course.
I always say, dress the part.
Or in this case,
the situation.
Ooh!
Purple.
We look so good in purple.
Okay, going to this thing
and participating
in this hypocrisy...
Could help uncover the truth
about Rebecca and Alec.
-Especially Alec.
-[door clicks open]
Hi.
Hey, yourself.
-Um, what are you doing here?
-Oh, come on.
Like he hasn't seen
all that and more?
Oh.
Look, I know
Thayer's been on this
but I think I can help
get you guys some answers.
Prove Rebecca's
alibi for Alec is a lie.
Oh, what Emma is saying
with her silence
is that she is dying
to know all the answers
but is just a little unsure
that she wants you involved.
You know what, Sutton?
-I can speak for myself.
-So?
What did you have in mind?
Specifically.
I want to break
into Rebecca's house
while she's at
the engagement dinner.
And maybe find something
that proves
that her alibi is bogus.
I like it.
You're not just good looks.
Emma?
What do you say?
Just don't get caught.
[Kristin] Thank you.
[car door closes]
Are you okay?
-Yeah.
-Come on, let's go.
-What are you doing, Baz?
-Hey, how are you doing?
Oh! Looks like quite a lot
happened on that trip
to Coachella.
Okay, he's not here
as my date.
Rebecca invited him.
-They're very close, you know.
-Sure, okay.
Well, come on, Baz, I'm gonna
buy you a Shirley Temple.
Mom, what's going on?
Did you talk to Dad
about the locket?
I don't want to talk
about that now.
Let's just go inside.
-I got this.
-[man] All right.
Thank you.
I'm sorry about you
and Sutton.
Okay.
Well, for what it's worth,
I just always thought
that you two
were meant to be.
Good night.
[sighs]
[Ted]  Okay, a toast.
Raising a glass
is definitely in order,
my friend.
Actually, as best man,
I believe the first toast
belongs to me.
[Ted] Ah, touche.
Go right ahead.
Here's to love,
when it comes quick
as it did here.
And when it takes
a second or two.
Here's to family.
The ones we're in,
the ones we make.
And...
Here's to future.
I, for one, can't wait
to see what it holds.
-[Ted] Hear, hear.
-Cheers.
[all] Cheers.
Okay.
I got to say, that no one
was more surprised
by the news of this wedding
than me.
But Alec is my best friend.
He's been there for me always.
And all I want is for him
to be happy
with his new bride Rebecca.
And I just hope that they have
the kind of marriage
that Kristin and I have.
I'll go.
[gasps]
What are you doing here?
Thought you could use
the company.
[Sutton] Hmm...
Starting with receipts.
From that place
she got takeout
the night Derek was killed.
Changing the timeline.
Therefore,
disproving her alibi.
Good. Except...
I mean, people throw away
their receipts.
Check the computer.
Yeah. That's a good idea.
All right, here,
you take these.
I'm gonna look
on the computer.
Whatever you say, Sherlock.
[door opens]
[Rebecca] Kristin?
[door closes]
You're obviously upset.
Is there something I can do?
[sighs]
I know what you're thinking.
Do you?
Do you really, Rebecca?
Why is it around here,
the first thing out of
people's mouths is a lie?
Is it our city?
Our families?
Maybe it's the water.
So, yesterday...
I guess I slipped up
when I said that thing
about Ted in L.A.
Oh, I guess...
I guess you did.
Kristin, it was
a long time ago,
and it was brief, it ended.
It was never supposed
to get out. I...
Well, then,
this exonerates you, right?
I mean,
that is why you're here,
so I can somehow absolve you?
You are absolved.
I hate seeing you this way.
Maybe you shouldn't have
come back to town.
Hey, Ted, hey, hey,
hey, listen.
Let's let the women
handle this, okay?
You were supposed
to keep Rebecca in line.
I'm losing my wife, my family.
What, and that's my fault,
or Rebecca's?
Come on, man.
Let's be honest.
You screwed this up
from the outset.
I never should have listened
to you, the lies,
the craziness.
Hey, shut up. We got company.
Just calm down, okay?
-Hey, ladies.
Nothing. Nothing.
-What's going on?
-Where is Mom?
-She's okay.
She just went
to the restroom, um...
Laurel, Sutton,
your mom and dad
need to talk about
a couple things,
let's go to the...
Let's go to the table.
Come on,
I'll walk back with you.
What's going on?
Where's Kristin?
I think she's going home.
Oh, my God. Kristin?
Kristin, please! Please.
You're leaving?
-What does it look like?
-Whatever she said,
whatever Rebecca said...
She has a locket
with a picture of you in it.
Did you know that?
It doesn't matter.
This isn't about the affair.
It's not about Rebecca.
It's about the lies.
You made me think
it was my fault
Justin's mother died
when the whole time...
The whole time it was just
this affair you were having.
What does it feel like, Ted,
building a family
on a mountain of lies?
And what is the view
like from up there?
'Cause I'll tell you what,
from here, the view sucks!
-What is this?
-Honey, uh...
Oh, Sutton. Sutton...
Mom, just tell me
what's going on.
Laurel, I don't want you
taking this on.
-What does that even mean?
-She admitted it?
Just... It doesn't
matter anymore.
Admitted what? What happened?
Somebody tell me.
Dad and Rebecca had an affair.
-A long time ago.
-Sutton, no.
Laurel, listen to me.
Both of you, I want you
to go back in there,
I do not want you
taking sides.
No. No way.
I'm not going back there.
I'm not going.
No, me neither. Come on, Mom,
you can't do this alone.
We're coming home with you.
My babies.
We work really well together.
Make a good team,
don't you think?
Could you stop doing
that Sutton thing?
Okay. What exactly
is the "Sutton thing"?
Doesn't sound very flattering.
It's not.
Oh, and let me guess,
the Emma thing is all
happiness and light
and sunshine and bright?
Well, she doesn't have to lie
to get what she wants.
Mmm! Deep.
God, this woman
saves every receipt
except for takeout.
How are you doing?
Everything's
password-protected,
and we're running out of time.
What about other files?
We're looking for
something specific.
Yeah, but snooping
is snooping,
and if she doesn't clear
her history, who knows
what we'll find?
Look. Downloads, right there.
You have way too much
experience in this.
No, not that...
Just let me do it.
I...
So, we can check the dates
starting with the night
Derek was murdered,
and then we'll move forward.
[Ethan] Look, there's nothing
here from that night.
Wait. What's this?
It's the only thing downloaded
in the last four days.
A JPEG.
[scoffs]
Oh, man.
Looks like we just hit
the jackpot.
[Rebecca] Oh, my gosh.
[Alec] It's all right.
Just say it to him.
-Think I should just...
-I think it's important.
Go ahead.
Ted?
You should know,
the last thing
I wanted was...
So, what did you want?
I assume Alec here
was the grand prize.
But what about
destroying my life,
my marriage, my family?
What should we call it,
the consolation prize?
She's being honest with you,
man. Give her a chance.
She'll get past this
as soon as she realizes
that what happened between us
was a million years ago.
Hmm.
I know it's not what
you want to hear,
but I am sorry.
I truly am.
Okay?
I'm not helping, so, um...
I'm gonna go.
Have a good evening.
See you at home, okay?
-Why don't you just go, too?
-No.
I mean, sure I'll go,
but you know what?
Why don't you think
about this for a second?
Who had your back
through all of this, okay?
Cleaned up your messes,
covered your tracks,
protected you?
You know what, pal,
why don't you just go
straight to hell?
Everything you ever did for me
just blew up in my face.
You're marrying that woman!
You let her back into my life.
Protecting me? No, you...
You just screwed me.
-Yeah, well, that's one way
to look at it.
-Mmm-hmm.
What is the other way
to look at it?
Glass is still half full.
Kristin still doesn't know
half the secret.
Thank you, Ethan.
You have a good night,
Miss Sewell.
[Rebecca] I will.
I just got your text.
-Where's Sutton?
-Uh, she left with her mom.
There was this huge blowout
between Ted and Kristin.
What's up?
You guys need to see this.
Not you, Riley. Sorry.
It's okay. I get it.
[Ethan] It was on
Rebecca's computer.
Oh, my God.
It doesn't matter
how I got it.
It proves Alec Rybak
killed Derek Rogers.
No. It proves
he was on the scene.
He's holding the murder
weapon in his hand.
No, most likely
the murder weapon,
and I'm guessing that this
photo was obtained illegally,
which makes it
inadmissible in court.
What, are you
defending the guy?
After everything
we've been through?
[Theresa] No, Ethan,
I want to believe it too,
but we need that tire iron,
blood, fingerprints.
DNA, proof!
In other words, if we move
forward too quickly,
instead of it blowing up
in his face, it blows up
in ours, right?
I heard about the photo.
These guys are making it sound
like it's a dead end.
[Theresa] Anything but.
This is a major step.
We're just gonna need
a sympathetic judge.
Someone that's
not in love with Alec.
So that we can get
a search warrant.
We'll see what
we can do, okay?
So you and Sutton found this?
Look, the only reason
I was there
was to help solve this thing.
So you could have a shot
at a family.
And you and I
could have a second chance.
You know what, I don't mean
to sound ungrateful here,
but Sutton is just
always there.
I don't know if it's because
she is one step ahead
or one step behind,
but she is there
and she is in your head,
and under your skin, Ethan.
And it is chronic!
"Chronic"?
-Never goes away.
-Yeah, I know what it means.
[sighs]
Ethan...
You and I are done.
[Alec]
Becca wants me there early.
Listen, guys, before I go,
there's one part
of the ceremony
I want to move up.
The "speak now or forever
hold your peace" bit.
What do we think?
Is the peace gonna hold up?
Yeah, with us.
Maybe not Ted and Kristin.
Maddie, what happened between
Ted and Rebecca was
years and years ago.
Before you were born, and if I
don't have an issue with it...
I don't think
you should, either.
T, what do you think?
Yeah. No issues.
[Alec] Whew! All right.
I'll see you two
at the wedding.
Don't be late.
I can't stand this.
This is horrible!
That picture
and what we know.
I mean, if Dad did kill Derek,
and now he's just marrying
Rebecca to use her
as she's using him...
Mads, I know it's hard,
but just try and hang in there
a little while longer.
We have to see this through.
I know.
Dad spent the night
at the club.
Don't you kids have a wedding
to get ready for?
No. What are you
talking about?
We're not going to that thing.
I mean, right, Sutton?
Uh, of course, not.
Sutton, do you mind
finishing this?
You're not
seriously considering
going to that, are you?
I have to.
Hey.
I kind of figured
you'd be getting all
dressed up
going to that wedding.
Women love weddings, you know.
All that pomp
and romance stuff.
Be a good chance for you to
take another run at her
don't you think?
I'm not going.
I did what I could.
It wasn't enough.
It's never gonna be enough.
I see.
So what are you gonna do?
You gonna sentence
yourself to my life?
And how many years of feeling
sorry for yourself
were you planning there?
Two?
Seven, like me?
I just don't care how this
thing turns out anymore.
You sit there on your ass,
I'll tell you exactly
how it's gonna go.
Thayer's gonna get the girl
and you're gonna get squat.
Trust me, if I were you,
I wouldn't quit
at the finish line, pal.
You'll never forgive yourself.
[Thayer]  Tell Dad
I'll be a little late.
-Thayer, you're the best man.
-I know.
Yeah, best man I know.
Ryan, uh,
I will meet you upstairs.
-Okay. I'll get the car.
-Thanks.
Okay, I am terrified that
people are gonna pick up
on what we're suspecting,
especially Dad.
Just do your best,
I'll handle things here.
Okay.
All right.
-I love you.
-I love you, too.
Get out of here.
-We'll get right to work.
-This way.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[instrumental music playing]
Sutton?
What a pleasant surprise.
I wasn't sure
you were gonna come
after what happened
last night.
Well, I just...
I felt like
I needed to see this.
I'm glad you're here.
How's your mom and dad?
Probably shouldn't
talk about it.
Totally understand.
Do me a favor, darling.
Give 'em some time.
It'll work out.
-Thanks for being here.
-Mmm-hmm.
[doorbell rings]
Hi, kiddo.
Mom doesn't want to see you.
Could you just please
tell her I'm here?
She saw you pull up.
She doesn't want to see you.
It's too soon.
Honey...
I made a mistake.
You have to understand,
you and your sister.
All I know is that
my mom is hurting
really badly right now,
and it's your fault.
I'm sorry, Dad.
[sobs]
[knock on door]
Come in.
Sutton. You're here.
Wonderful.
I know.
Rebecca.
I know all of it, and you...
You can't do this.
Do what, exactly?
Cover for Alec.
I know you've
seen the picture,
and I know
you know the truth,
that Alec killed Derek Rogers.
That photo is an obvious fake.
It's been doctored.
Someone's playing a game.
I always assumed
it was some
malcontent or someone
that Alec sent to jail.
Or Alec
actually killed Derek.
Have you ever thought
about that possibility?
Why would I?
I was with him
that whole night
at his house, remember?
Yes, his alibi.
His wife-to-be.
Is this about your
mother and father?
No, Rebecca, this is
about you coming forward
and telling the truth.
Alec did an awful thing,
and if you marry him
he will get away with it.
So I just want you
to do the right thing
and tell the truth.
Sutton, honey,
I am telling the truth.
Hey, honey, I...
Oh, I'm sorry,
I thought you were alone.
No, Sutton and I were just
having a little chat.
I'll be right down.
-See you at the altar.
-Okay.
Sutton...
Do me a favor,
hand me my bouquet.
Thayer.
Where you been?
Nearly had to call
for a replacement.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm good.
You don't look okay.
-Yeah, sorry I'm late.
-That's all right. Come on.
[indistinct radio chatter]
Well, his car
is at the wedding,
so if we don't find
anything here,
we could try there.
Let me see those.
I went through the pockets
front and back. Nothing.
So if Alec's
not at the courthouse,
where is he?
-Golf course?
-Exactly.
[Dan] Well,
what do we have here?
She says it's a fake,
and she is sticking
with her alibi.
-You ready?
-Yeah.
[instrumental music playing]
[murmuring]
Thank you.
Here. Thanks.
Do you think this is such
a good idea?
It's like a puzzle and...
These photos
are the pieces, but...
Somehow some of
these pieces got mixed up
and I just...
I keep thinking
if I could just
look at these pictures
long enough,
it'll start to make sense.
[Rebecca]
For richer or poorer,
in sickness and in health,
till death do us part.
Therefore, by the power
vested in me
by the state of Arizona,
I pronounce you
husband and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Come here.
[crowd cheers]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman]
What are they doing here?
[gasps]
Danny, what's going on?
You're under arrest
for the murder of
Derek Rogers, sir.
-Come with us, please.
-Did you know about this?
We found the murder weapon
in your house.
Your prints were all over it.
Let's go.
-Alec!
-Rebecca! This is ridiculous!
You might want to call
his attorney. Let's go!
-Tell them I was set up!
-Dan!
[crowd clamoring]
[siren wailing]
Hey. You okay?
I just wasn't expecting
for it to feel like this.
[Emma]
I know. I can imagine.
-Any regrets?
-Not yet.
But whatever's coming,
I don't want to face it alone.
You won't have to.
Hi, Mom.
It's all working
perfectly, Sutton.
Just as we planned.